u.s weather it's been weird i mean just
check this map out
my place got snow and as i feared that
meant a power blackout
so please forgive my crummy slides i
just now got my lights on
you're not here to hear me besides
here's what to set your sights on
we know we get a ton of wow from stuff
made by our buddies
but we need more we need some how so we
wrote some case studies
so get inspired as you peruse the things
your peers are making
and get some clues that you can use for
your implementation
first audience they are superfly they're
solving music ip
so get rid of your spotify and give
their stack a look-see
iot ditch that hackers stress iotex has
your back there
their ucams on ipfs for downloading its
firmware
open bazaar is another one e-commerce
peer to peer e
their apps cut out the middlemen for
shopping
without fear e okay embarrassing moving
on
big data our balls got a win for weather
payout players
i wish i'd got a contract in person i
want my tomatoes
but brand new just published this week
the d
webs getting easy hosts files sites
and more with fleeq deployments oh super
easy
and so i say in summary we hope these
will enlighten
though nothing rhymes with case study we
still
think that you'll like them you can
learn more about the ipfs case study
series on our doc site direct link is
docs dot ipfs dot io
concepts or just type in case study tap
your window
thank you